Update from auto-update/renku-ui-3.4.1 (#3021)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.24.3
------

Renku ``0.24.3`` resolves bugs in the UI and in the Knowledge Graph backend processes.

User-Facing Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**🐞 Bug Fixes**

> * 🔗 **UI**: Resolve issue where the Connect button on the Dashboard lead to a broken link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 🔗 **UI**: Resolve an issue where the Connect button on the Dashboard leads to a broken link
```

  (`#2444 <https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-ui/pull/2444>`_).

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Improvements**

> * **UI**: Retrieve project metadata from KG on project access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **UI**: Retrieve project metadata from the KG on project access
```
